Hello friends, it's me and today we are
checking out some very unlucky people.
She's playing the claw machine game. Oh,
she got it. Oh, by the foot. No. Oh, it
was so
close. This be happen to me all the
time. There is nothing like a claw
machine getting your hopes up just to be
like, "Oh, here you go. Oh, here Mickey
for you. Oh, no. No. No. Sorry. No
Mickey. No toy. You know, maybe if you
give me $20 more dollars and 10 more
tries, maybe, just maybe, you'll be a
winner. Mom, I saw this really cool hack
on YouTube where you put a ton of rubber
bands on a watermelon and then it'll pop
in half. Here, I did it. Why isn't it
working? Yeah, that exploded. All right.
You know, that melon was at its breaking
point. I can no longer handle this
abuse. As you can see, it does
[Music]
work, but you just don't know when it
will work. In the whole entire animal
kingdom, seagulls have got to be the
rudest and most unhinged. Like, people
will just be at the beach minding their
own business, eating, and they will fly
down and they will swoop down and steal
your snack right out of your mouth. They
don't care. Like, the way he low-key
teaagged her too while stealing her
snack. Like, they've been using their
wings for evil. They're evil
thieves. See, I'm telling you, they are
the worst creatures. Look at this guy.
He knew. He knew exactly what he was
going to do. There wasn't even food. She
didn't even have any food. He went for
the eyeball. Watch this in slow motion.
He thought there was food in
there. This is a violation. A
molestation of her eyeball. Bro went in
there. I don't like seagulls. I am very
weary of seagulls. Traumatized by the
beard. This guy might have had the worst
luck ever. This guy threw a basketball
in a pipe. Oh, just barely missed it.
It's going to hit his head. Ah, not the
head I was talking
about. Now, I'm not even a guy and I can
feel this video. My peanuts. POV. When
the lifeguard gets too
cocky. Did you see him? I have to go
back. You know, when they do that flying
kick, give you all that momentum. Bro
brought himself along, too. Like, it hit
him a little too hard. Where is he? Is
he okay? Is he coming down? Bro's
probably not going to have a good time
going down that with no floaty. Raw dog
in the water slide. I thought he was a
professional at
this. That was just unlucky. A bad day
at the job. First time for little Billy
going down the
slide. How does that even happen?
There's just simply not enough
traction. How'd you get a concussion
going down a slide?
Poor kid probably never went on a slide
again. Like what? It's supposed to be
fun.
Oh, I'm glad she was able to protect her
daughter in time, but Oh, I mean, what
were y'all trying to do? You try to hurt
nature, nature will strike back. Ooh,
that's crazy how our mom instinct just
kicked in. Like, oh, protect my head.
Wait, no. I have a child. Protect the
child. And it all happened so fast. You
know, summer grandma go lay on the
floaty.
I thought she was supposed to fit in the
hole. Ah. So, when I was growing up and
we went to the grocery store, my parents
would always test the watermelon by
smacking it. I never understood this. I
always thought I I don't know, they'd be
smacking every melon in the box. And
somehow they always brought home the
perfect melon. But as an adult, I tried
this and I started tapping all the
melons to see if there was something
different about the sound. I couldn't
even tell you. But anyways, they brought
home this melon that they thought had a
good sound and it's white. Where's the
juice? It's glorious watermelon essence
has been sucked dry. Or maybe he was
picked from the patch a little too soon.
Like, how does this even happen? How do
you end up getting the worst melon in
the batch? She was confident, too. Tap
on all of them like, "Oh, yes, you." You
know, there's so many melon hacks. How
do you determine which is a good melon?
Look for one that feels heavy, looks
dull and not shiny, and potentially a
sweet aroma. Bro, you got it. I ain't
got time to smell each melon at the
grocery store. Yellow spot means ready
to eat. So, when you tap it, it's to
hear if there's a hollow sound. That
means it's ready to eat. If it's a dull
sound, then it's not right. Now, we know
how to choose our Malone.
Congratulations. You are now a melon
expert. Everybody's worst fear came to
life when this dude dropped his phone
and it went in the great. But wait, it's
He got so lucky it didn't fall in. It's
that Popsocket protecting him and his
phone. Come on, pick it up. Just pick it
up. No.
Why would you do that? Why wouldn't you
pick it up from the phone and not the
flimsy popsocket? Good thing you got
your Gojo bird popsocket back. Thank
goodness we saved him. Now, who needs
the iPhone when you got this guy? Oh,
you only get one. Only one fell. There
is no way. Y'all should have got all
three of those for the price up here.
You can be pulpy down there. Also, what
is a pulpy? It sounds very delicious.
Fruit soda. Where I got to go to get me
one of these. I have been to one
softball game all year and this happens.
The ball went into the car window. Oh,
but at least you get to keep the ball,
right? Right. Trade offer. You get
broken car window, but also free
baseball. I don't know. Depends on what
game it was from, but most likely not
worth it. The battery in their car died.
And then they left a note on their car.
Battery died. We'll be back at 2:30 with
cables and a friend to jump. Please do
not tow the car. So, they didn't tow the
car, but they gave them a ticket. Like,
bro, the car is dead. How do you expect
me to move a dead car? Huh? You can't
park here. It's like somebody getting
into a car accident and getting a
parking violation. Like, you can't park
here. You can't park in the middle of
the road. How irresponsible of you. Come
on. Some people need a little bit of
sympathy. Okay, can we talk about this?
This is the most annoying thing with
booking a flight. And I don't know why
this happens. Like, you go to book a
flight. Oh, the ticket is $98. Okay,
great. Wow. I'm going to go take a
shower, make myself some dinner, and
then I'll buy my plane ticket for $98.
And then you refresh the page. And
suddenly the price went from $98 to
$1,600. How? Why? Who? Where? What?
Because you know I'm interested in this
flight. You saw somebody on the internet
looking up this exact flight. Oh, maybe
two people are looking at the same
flight at the same time. Let's quadruple
the price just for funsies. I hate how
the algorithm works. I I don't
understand. It's like the first time you
see a flight, you have to do it in a
private window or I literally bought a
VPN just for this specific reason. So,
they stopped doing this to me. I tried
to book a flight today. Today, today I
tried to book a flight. I got the price.
I put in all my credit card information
and everything. I pressed place order.
Sorry, order didn't go through because
the price went up. I'm like, I searched
the flight, bought it 5 minutes ago. How
does it double in 5 minutes? And so I
was like, okay, I really, really, really
need this flight. It's the only flight
left. Fine. It did it again 7 minutes
ago. I was buying a $1,000 flight and
now it is 2,700. I didn't buy it. I'm
not playing this game. This This isn't
fair. I know it's the way algorithms
work, but have you thought maybe I just
won't buy the flight? Maybe I just won't
go on my trip. You have deterred me.
Your price gouging has deterred me from
even leaving my house. You know what?
I'm good here. I don't want to travel
anyway. When you accidentally take
someone else's bag from the airport on
the first day of your vacation. Uh-oh.
This is a nightmare. My mom accidentally
did this once and the guy also took her
bag and he refused to meet halfway. So,
she had to take an hourong Uber to get
to his hotel and trade. It was a man. He
was like, "Well, I don't care. I'm in no
rush for my bag. I don't need to brush
my teeth tonight." If you have a black
luggage or a luggage that looks like
everybody else's, put a sticker on it.
Put a keychain. Put something
identifiable because not everybody is
going to read the little tag. And some
people will have the exact same luggage
as you. It just makes life so much
easier. So, I got a mint green luggage.
Nobody else is going to have mint green
and never lose it. Remembering the time
I got a prize too big for my car? Yo,
what a problem to have. I have never
been able to win one of these ginormous
monkeys from the fair. How How does
anybody win one of these? You know,
thank goodness we have chat GPT for all
of life's questions. Like, I've only
ever won very small prizes. How many
water gun races do you have to win to
get the biggest monkey of them all?
That's one of my favorite games because
there's always a winner. All you got to
do is lock in and beat five other
drunkies and kids. Like the water gun
match. Easiest fair game. Okay, but how
do you get him home? Stuff him in the
back seat. He's a plushy. He's
smooshable. Put him in the trunk like a
little prisoner. No, don't do that. I'll
sit in the trunk. He can ride in the
front seat. Thinking about that time I
bleached my hair and it started falling
off. And no one told me until my
boyfriend took photos of me at
Disneyland. Oh, it took me a hot second.
I was like looking for a bald spot up
here, but literally half of it fell out.
How do you not feel that? That did
happen to me when I bleached my hair
though. Like some people, we can't
handle a bleaching. It literally snaps
off and falls out. I'm sorry, but you
got some fake friends if they won't tell
you that your hair is literally falling
out. It's just like getting the chicken
out of the freezer and you got to wait
for it to thaw. I guess I'll be driving
again in the spring if the car even
works after that. These workers just
laid some fresh concrete. And this woman
walks through ruining the concrete,
leaving her footsteps. Oh, I wonder why
the sidewalk is so sticky. It's getting
real hard to pick up my feet. Aren't
they going to say anything? Like, bro,
there's wet concrete. Perhaps a do not
walk sign or a hey, stop. You shall not
pass. No, let do her thing. She's
probably wondering why the floor's so
sticky. like, "Oh, this little alleyway
is a little shortcut to get home." I
don't think the shortcut was worth it.
This poor dog swallowed a light up toy.
And now when he goes to poop, it just
lights up like a Christmas tree and
everybody can see. And that poor thing,
he has no idea that everybody could see
that he swallowed it and is lighting up
like a Christmas tree. Oh no. It's so
shameful. Oh no.
This girl paid over $1,000 for a
designer to make her a custom wedding
dress. And they ended up sending her a
$50 dress from Teeu. I don't know what
they were trying to do, but that dress
is not it. I feel bad. I would be
crying, too. Like, girl, you better get
a refund ASAP. I don't know what this
is. This is not a prom dress. I don't
even know what this is. Like, what were
they even trying to do? I think the
worst part is that she got it the day of
prom, expecting this amazing, beautiful
designer dress and then getting DIY
trash from Teeu. I really hate scammers.
They scammed her so bad. I hate people
who scam. But anyways, that's all for
today. I hope you guys enjoyed this
video. If you did, make sure to hit that
like button in the face and subscribe to
the Wolf Pack. I love you guys so much.
Thanks for watching. Fig.